CASMCMS-9279 -- 1.6 (#5749)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: upgrade/Validate_CSM_Health_During_Upgrade.md

  since the CSM services were upgraded. This allows the various Kubernetes resources to
  initialize and start.
- Although it is not recommended, the [Booting CSM `barebones` image](../operations/validate_csm_health.md#5-booting-csm-barebones-image)

>   test may be skipped if all compute nodes are active running application workloads. A [Known issue](../troubleshooting/known_issues/barebones_boot_test_failure.md) exists for CSM 1.6.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  test may be skipped if all compute nodes are active running application workloads. In CSM 1.6.0, a known issue may
  cause a [Barebones Boot Test Failure](../troubleshooting/known_issues/barebones_boot_test_failure.md).
  This issue is resolved in CSM 1.6.1.
```

Reviewer: If this always happens, then probably this should say "causes" instead of "may cause". I wasn't sure which was the case.

  since the CSM services were upgraded. This allows the various Kubernetes resources to
  initialize and start.

> - Although it is not recommended, the [Booting CSM `barebones` image](../operations/validate_csm_health.md#5-booting-csm-barebones-image)

Reviewer 2: Makes this more prescriptive and less fluffy. This comment goes with my next comment on line 7 but GitHub wouldn't let me combine them due to the line deletion.
```suggestion
- The [Booting CSM `barebones` image](../operations/validate_csm_health.md#5-booting-csm-barebones-image)
```

>   test may be skipped if all compute nodes are active running application workloads. In CSM 1.6.0, a known issue
>   causes a [Barebones Boot Test Failure](../troubleshooting/known_issues/barebones_boot_test_failure.md).
>   This issue is resolved in CSM 1.6.1.

Reviewer 2: Draw more attention to this by moving it from the end of a series of statements to nesting it underneath in its own blockquote.
```suggestion
  > This test is broken in CSM 1.6.0 and should be skipped for that release. For more information, see the known issue, [Barebones Boot Test Failure](../troubleshooting/known_issues/barebones_boot_test_failure.md).
```
